sure you want to go back in there a
booze gotta do what a bull's gotta do hi
I'm Joseph King and i'm the creator of
cobourg I've been working animation
since 2000 e a record companies like
Nickelodeon Grand Marnier and California
Lottery and now with your help I want to
create killer or the animated series
just got real I created kilgore
back in college and I've been developing
the idea ever since I made a flash game
in 2010 and then I decided to switch
gears and make kilgore into an animated
series I put together a pitch and showed
it to a few studios but after a while I
decided I didn't want to give up all
creative control and turn kilgore into
something else entirely so I decided to
make an independent short easier said
than done I tried to get some people to
help me make the first step so but I
didn't have any money to pay them so I
grabbed the bull by the horns and did it
by myself I was working full-time at an
animation studio so I worked on kilgore
after work and on weekends it was tough
staying motivated but eventually I
finished the episode and I learned a lot
in the process mess with the bull get
the horns
here's the time I put together a team of
talented guys are really excited about
the project but they're professionals
and they need to be paid I'm bringing
back the poster and the sound design
here in the graphic designer will help
me with the pilot and I've lined up some
animators of background artists and a 3d
artists to help out it's going to take
about four to five weeks to complete the
five minutes of animation and it's going
to cost forty thousand dollars now I
know what you're thinking that sounds
like a lot but compared to typical film
and TV budgets that's practically
nothing and even if you compare two
independent productions it's pretty
cheap animation is expensive and time is
money I'm 100-percent psycho beefcake
think you can handle it Suzy
we haven't seen the first episode scroll
down and check out the video leave some
comments and tell me what you think
about the project and rewards I'm really
excited to work with you guys I can't
wait see more Kilgore thanks for
watching and see you guys later
your mama would be proud mom
you